Because of the civil war,
we had to take refuge
in a safer part of the country.
When we arrived,
soldiers took us
to internment camps to hold us
until they could confirm our identities.
In the camps, we lived in tents,
and it was unbearably hot in them.
It was a struggle even to get water.
We needed to wait in a queue
for four to five hours every day.
During the war, our eldest son was killed.
It was a big loss for our family.
All we could do to cope was pray to Jehovah
and find comfort in the Bible.
One day, the brothers
from the relief committee came
and informed us
that a regional convention would be held.
They had spoken to the camp officials,
requesting permission for us to go.
For four days, morning and evening,
we went to the officials
to ask for permission.
But they would not tell us if we
would be released for the convention.
Suddenly one afternoon,
much to our surprise,
we were approved
to leave the camp for five days.
At that time, we had been
in the internment camp for months.
We had not been allowed to go anywhere.
We were so happy that we got the permission
to attend the convention.
We never expected it!
At the time, we had some clothes.
But we had nothing
for the three-day convention.
However, the brothers outside the camp
helped us enormously.
They were with us
and cared for all our needs
so we could be ready for the convention.
We still wondered
where we were going to stay
and how we would get
our accommodations.
However, when we arrived,
the brothers hugged us
and warmly welcomed us.
We were really encouraged.
Even though we faced
many challenges and difficulties
in the internment camp,
that convention
was like a nourishing meal for us.
It was a real joy eating at Jehovah’s table.
We can never forget those moments.
After the convention,
a brother from the Governing Body
gave a special talk to those
from the internment camps.
That talk really strengthened us.
The convention helped us to be courageous,
especially after we returned to the camp.
Although we faced many losses,
the convention not only gave us comfort
but also helped us to face
the challenges ahead.
Now my youngest son and I
are serving as ministerial servants,
and my wife has been serving
as a regular pioneer
for the past 17 years.
She continued pioneering even while
we were in the internment camp.
We realized that Jehovah is always there,
caring for us and sustaining us continuously.